fix: report non array literal deps list in useExhaustiveDependencies (#5469)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/spicy-heads-exist.md

---
"@biomejs/biome": minor
---

> The rule `useExhaustiveDependencies` now report a diagnostic when the dependency list is not an array literal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed [#5458](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/5458): The rule `useExhaustiveDependencies` now reports a diagnostic when the dependency list is not an array literal.
```

Author: @arendjr #5458 is a bug report for the panic and it was a regression in v2.0.0-beta. Previously, the rule didn't report anything about non-array-literal dependency lists. I added a diagnostic with a fix of the panic, but the diagnostic is not related to the bug reported in #5458.

Reviewer: Ah, that's fair. Feel free to leave that off then :)

> The rule `useExhaustiveDependencies` now report a diagnostic when the dependency list is not an array literal.

Author: ```suggestion
The rule `useExhaustiveDependencies` now reports a diagnostic when the dependency list is not an array literal.
```
